README.md, before:

# annotator-marginalia
Annotator.js plugin for creating and displaying annotations in the margin of a page.

Marginalia is developed for [Annotator 2.x](https://github.com/openannotation/annotator/releases)

##Demo
[View a simple demo of Marginalia here.](http://emory-lits-labs.github.io/annotator-marginalia/demo/)

##Dependancies
* jQuery 1.8+
* Annotator.js
* [Font Awesome](https://github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome) icons for the
editing dropdown menu and the toggle button.

##Using Marginalia
To use marginalia with your Annotator project, add it to the app initiation as
any other plugin:
`app.include(annotatorMarginalia);`

Marginalia assumes some structural requirements for the annotation margins to
appear correctly. The class names  for the outer and inner elements can be
configured in the option parameters.

    <div class="in-page-controls"></div> <!--control container-->

    <article class="content"> <!--outer_element-->
      <section class="inner"> <!--inner_element-->
      </section>
    </article>

##Configuration options
###Class Options
* outer_element: default `'.content'`
* inner_element: default `'.inner'`
* margin_class: default `'margin-container'`
###Interaction Options
* `viewer` Sets the renderer function for the annotations. Defaults to standard formatting
* `toggle.show` callback function triggered when the margin notes are shown
* `toggle.hide` callback function triggered when the margin notes are hidden

##Editor Extension
Marginalia has an optional annotator editorExtension included.
This extension is based on annotator.ui.tags.editorExtension and is used to
create comma separated list of tags when editing. Add the extension to the
`editorExtensions` options on the `annotator.ui.main`

    var _marginalia = annotatorMarginalia();
    editorExtensions: [
        _marginalia.editorExtension
    ]

Commit message:

Github site main page, install instructions, etc

README.md, after:

# annotator-marginalia
Annotator.js plugin for creating and displaying annotations in the margin of a page.

Marginalia is developed for [Annotator 2.x](https://github.com/openannotation/annotator/releases)

##Demo
[View a simple demo of Marginalia here.](http://emory-lits-labs.github.io/annotator-marginalia/demo/)

##Dependancies
* jQuery 1.8+
* Annotator.js
* [Font Awesome](https://github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome) icons for the
editing dropdown menu and the toggle button.

##Using Marginalia
To use this plugin in your Annotator project, include the required
javascript and css, and initialize it as an annotator module with a
optional configuration.

See [installation instructions](http://emory-lits-labs.github.io/annotator-marginalia/#install) for more details.

## Developer Notes

This project uses [git-flow](https://github.com/nvie/gitflow) branching conventions.

To view the jekyll site for development, you should do the following:
- make sure you are on the **develop** branch
- make sure you have [jekyll installed](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/)
- run the site via jekyll: ```jekyll serve```

To install grunt utilities for building releases, run: ```npm install```

Released versions are published through GitHub site pages, which are served out from
the gh-pages branch.  Following git-flow conventions, this should be an exact
replica of the master branch.  As a convenience, to update the gh-pages branch
from master and push it to github, you may want to configure the following alias
in your ``.git/config`` for this project:

    [alias]
        publish-pages = "!rm -rf build && git checkout gh-pages && git merge master && grunt && git add 'build/*' && git commit 'build/*' -m 'Latest build' && git push origin gh-pages && git checkout -"

Whenever you tag a new release you want to be available as a version that
can be included from the github pages url, you should do the following (or use
the alias above):
- update the version number in package.json
- use gitflow to tag the release
- checkout gh-pages branch, update from master and run ```grunt```
- add the build version of annotator.meltdown.min.js and css to gh-pages branch
